---
title: 'OOGLY, the wobbly monster'
date: 2022-10-30
draft: false
tags: ["word-ventures"]
categories: ["Original Stories"]
author: "GANGII"
draft: false
hidemeta: false
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowWordCount: true
---

OOGLY, the wobbly monster. Woke from his sleep, with a grunt, a snore and a great big ROAAR! “Oh! What a nasty little nap” he said. Stretching his furry arms wide, he looked out his dusty windows and wondered. “Why is the sun so bright outside?” he said squinting his eyes. Just then his stomach went Grrr! Rumble! Rumble! “Hmmm… the rumblies! Up-up on my feet, I must search for something to eat. Scrambled eggs are neat, but I might need some… MEAT!” OOGLY said, with a sinister smile hanging from his sharp yellow teeth. He then wobbled and mobbled out of bed, tugging his great big furry tummy. Out he rolled, looking for something YUMMY!

Wobbling through the leafy forest, he soon came across Rosie, The lovely lady-bug. She was bizzing and buzzing, dancing on flowers, pretending she was a Bizzy Bizzy Bee. OOGLY didn’t very much like her prancing about, so he talked loudly enough for her to hear, “WHAT A NASTY DAY IT IS, TO BE DANCING ABOUT ALL JELLY-LIKE. ANYONE DOING SO SHOULD BE GREATLY ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES!” “Is it? Ohhh! I didn’t know…’ hesitated Rosie, buzzing about less energetic now. “Ah! Rosie, I didn’t see you there” OOGLY said happily, seeing as she had stopped her prancing. “How are you today?” “Fine… just… fine. I was having a lovely day but… never-mind. How are you?” Rosie mumbled out. “Well, since you ask. I am mighty, mighty hungry and was looking for something to put in my tummy,” OOGLY said. “Do you know where I could get some food?” “Oh! Yes,” Rosie said, “I can point you towards the sweetest, juiciest flowers, and the crunchiest leaves of them all.” OOGLY couldn’t believe it! “LEAVES? FLOWERS? How on earth! Flowers are for smelling! And leaves are for… are for… putting in your TEA! I’m a great big monster! I can’t be seen eating leaves… And flowers! How will I grow?” OOGLY roared throwing his hands in the air.

“What I’m looking for is something much BIGGER. And CRUNCHIER. It’s even a tad bit sweeter, do you know what that is Rosie?” OOGLY asked excitement dancing in his eyes. “No I’m afraid not. What could be crunchier than leaves and juicier than flowers?” asked Rosie astonished that there was such a thing. “I’m feeling quite clever today, so I’ll give you a hint,” OOGLY offered quite menacingly. “What’s small and nimble, and squishes and squiggles?” Rosie thought, nothing squishes and squiggles in your mouth better than Papaya but they aren’t usually small, or nimble. At least to her they weren’t. So she said “Is it tiny Papaya’s?” OOGLY’s ears tinkled “TINY PAPAYAS? TINY PAPAYAS YOU SAY! Why would I…?” OOGLY sighed. “It’s…’ OOGLY came closer and whispered with a great cunning smile ‘It’s… LITTLE TINY CHILDREN!’

Rosie GASPED.

“And the tastiest bit of them all…”he said this licking his teeth, “-is their small-scrunchy-squiggly FEET! Yummy, yum, yum those little feet are”. “Oh! You… YOU WOULDN’T DARE!” jumped Rosie. “Oh I so would. I really would. As a matter of fact, I’m going to look for one right now. Don’t I just love how they CRUNCH and MUNCH! And it’s all the better, if you have them in a BUNCH!” said OOGLY naively grinning from ear to ear. “You horrid, horrid, nasty beast! I hope you choke on their little bones all the way home. If I had a stinger -I’d pinch you all over your nasty horrid mouth!” cried Rosie flying away from this rather unpleasant conversation.

OOGLY went on his way with a little wobble, a little mobble and a silly dance. “Where would a lady bug find a stinger? What a ridiculous little idea”. This thought made him chuckle, in fact he chuckled so hard it made him hungrier for his soon-to-be DINNER.

Not long from then, OOGLY came across Stretchy, the Ostrich, practicing some football in the grassy part of the forest. “What’s a mean monster like you doing up this early in the morning?” wondered Stretchy dribbling on her ball. “I’m awfully hungry and my tummy won’t stop rumbling. Do you know where I could get some food Stretchy?” asked OOGLY. “That’s what you get for sleeping three days in a row. Serves you right!” Stretchy said hitting the ball between the two trees she was using as a goal post. “And regarding the matter of food. I cannot, in good conscience, point you in the direction of my lovely, warm, mushy and oh-so-stringy worms. There aren’t many left. And they are (get this), mostly-surely-indubitably. ALL. FOR. ME!” OOGLY’s mouth hang speechless. “WORMS? I don’t want your stringy worms! Warm and mushy, DOUBLE EW! I’m a great big monster, I can’t be seen eating nasty little things like worms! How will I grow?” OOGLY roared throwing his hands in the air.

“What I’m looking for is something much BIGGER. And CRUNCHIER. It’s even a tad bit sweeter, do you know what that is Stretchy?” OOGLY asked excitement dancing in his eyes again. “Is it coconuts? Oh! I do love those myself too, they’re quite lovely. A bit too crunchy for my tastes but very sweet especially with some bean rice. But, what’s wondrous is…,” Stretchy said, almost licking the back of her mouth “-is when coconuts are icing, on a frosty, double-layered chocolate, jam cake… Awww” she couldn’t help but picture it. OOGLY’s ears tinkled again, the second time today. “COCONUTS? COCONUTS YOU SAY! Why would I eat… coconuts. And with bean rice of all things?” spat out OOGLY with disgust.

OOGLY huffed and sighed deeply, he felt disappointed in the day’s encounters. No one seemed to get him. “What I’m looking for is much CRUNCHIER and MUNCHIER,” he hinted out. Stretchy wondered what exactly this was if not creamy coconuts or delicious squiggly worms. So she asked “What’s crunchier than coconuts and munchier than worms?” “Something that you have to -PULL. And PLUCK. On their little hands and heads” said OOGLY chuckling. “Oh! Nooo! You don’t mean? You couldn’t possibly mean… chi… chi… children?” stammered Stretchy in disbelief.

“NOT JUST CHILDREN. But… “OOGLY came closer and whispered, “LITTLE TINY CHILDREN,” Stretchy GASPED. “And the tastiest bit of them all…” he said this licking his teeth, “-is their small-scrunchy-squiggly FEET! Yummy, yum, yum those little feet are.” said OOGLY with great delight. “Oh! You nasty, nasty, monster, I hope they prick and poke your throat, till your turn all blue and black inside. If I wasn’t practicing right now I’d kick you over 6 feet in the air” remarked Stretchy. OOGLY chuckled in amusement at this.

“Do you know what your feet remind me of?” asked OOGLY. “Knowing you, I’ll bet it’s something nasty.” Stretchy said. “Nope! Quite the opposite actually. Today, they remind me of something sweet and lovely.” Stretchy couldn’t believe it, not from OOGLY. “Are you sure it’s not something nasty? Or horrid and ghastly? Maybe all three of them?” “No, no, no. It’s something, quite lovely actually. Some would even say it’s a compliment.” OOGLY replied. “A compliment? From you? That would be the day. What is it then? Is it a famous footballer? Or an Olympic swimmer? Or a world class gymnast?” Stretchy asked. “Nope. It’s something much sweeter!” “What then?” Stretchy wondered. “They remind me of… OF TWO LARGE crunchy-munchy-chicken-drumsticks- “and before he could say another word. Stretchy screamed “I KNEW IT!” and took off so fast OOGLY could only see a blur in the distance. Poor Stretchy had forgotten her ball. OOGLY crushed it with a swing of his great big paw and said “Oh well! Stretchy has now gone and worked up my appetite. I can’t simply have one little child now, not even two. For today I might need at least three, this growing boy has go to eat.” So on he went.

OOGLY at last came to the edge of the forest and was right next to the village, where he knew, little children loved to run around to the river with no one watching them. He rubbed his paws together and thought “Now to work on my master plan. How will I catch them? I can’t go straight up to them. No, no, no, they’d all see me coming and ran away without the slightest thought. Little children are surprisingly very, very fast. However, I could hmm… Climb up a tree? Nope, too much work. Maybe hide myself? Oh no! Nothing is big enough to cover my whole body. I have to be a little smarter than that, hmm…” He thought. And thought, and scratched the little bump at the back of his head so he could think harder. But, oh! It was all so tiring. How did people manage to think all day. He then looked around for a bit and the most wonderful thing popped right into his head.

He went by the river and tucked his great big arms into the mud by the river bank. He then smeared it all over his body. Over his head, arms and legs. He had mud everywhere, and I do mean EVERYWHERE, even on his tushy. Soon he was covered from his head to the sole of his feet. He then went by the great big rocks the little children loved to climb and curled himself up into a little ball with his head, arms and legs tucked over his tummy. And wouldn’t you imagine, it was sort of genius. He looked like a great, big, brown, muddied rock. Now he had to wait. Patiently.

He sat there and waited. Then did a little more waiting, as one does in this situations. It is always a bit boring. Finally, he saw two little children coming down the river. Oh! What a lovely day this would be.

Leila and Bibo were planning to climb the rocks together, as they always did. It was usually a race to decide who could climb the fastest or jump the highest. But today, they were terribly unaware, that on one of those dingy rocks was actually OOGLY the wobbly monster. He was curled up, dreaming up all the nasty little ways he could cook, stir and fry them up. Yet here they were, and up they came, GRIP, CLIMB, JUMP. Over on rock, then another, then two, now three, till, till… They were right next to OOGLY.

“This an odd-looking rock? Isn’t it Bibo?” Leila asked. “Yes it is. It’s much uglier than the others” Bibo said as they chuckled mischievously together. “It wasn’t here yesterday? Was it?” Leila asked. “No I don’t think so” Bibo said, holding up a pointy stick and pocking the rock with it. Ouch! Right on OOGLY’s elbow, he held in the pain, for he couldn’t move, not just yet, or they would know he wasn’t a big, brown, muddy rock, and his sort of genius plan would fail.

So OOGLY opened one eye, just a tiny bit, just enough to see, how far he was from the nearest child. Could he grab at least one of them? But Oh! One wouldn’t be enough, for his great big tummy, he needed at least two. So he could begin to feel, that he’d had at least, a decent meal. Just then he heard them say. “Let’s go call Monty and Nimu to come see this ugly rock.” One, two, three… FOUR CHILDREN! He almost rolled over with excitement. He didn’t even notice the saliva dripping inside his mouth was slowly making it’s way out. Leila and Bibo might have seen it, had they not, gone a moment sooner to call their friends, but they didn’t and now OOGLY was so jolly he couldn’t help but think, how he’d have them all in one BIG GULP.

BUT. This much feet might require a bit of recipe he thought. Maybe some flavoring or some spicing, and oh he must have sprinkles on top. “Children feet soup! Hmm! Does that go good with a bit of hot fudge sundae? Or some spicy mango dip sauce? Fries on top? Or avocados on the side? Maybe it’s better to do a bit of everything all at once,” he thought to himself. Ah! Yes he was very proud of this idea. So when both Bibo and Leila were out of sight, OOGLY quickly got up, as the mud slowly cracked off his fur. And ran as fast as he could to grab a pot he’d seen by the river. He then carried the pot and hid it neatly behind the other climbing rocks, ran back to the river bank, dipped himself in mud again and quickly got back in position and waited. He might have not done as good a job as the first time, but he was too excited to care or even notice. Four children was such a wonderful meal. He could sleep for a whole week after that. Oh he would! All the lovely snores and dreams he could have. For a WHOLE WEEK!

Soon Leila and Bibo could be seen coming back with their friends, Monty and Nimu. All four of them, running excitedly towards the rocks. Every step they got closer, OOGLY’s mouth drooled. Then drooled a little more. He had to hold himself together, the last thing he wanted was for them to slip out of his grasp. And UP the kids came, GRIP, CLIMB, JUMP. Calling themselves the Kings and Queens of the rocks, very unaware, that soon enough they’d be the kings and queens inside OOGLY’s pot. Closer and CLOSER they came. OOGLY’s claws started to POP out and his teeth started showing. At this point saliva was dripping like tap water from his mouth, but the children were so caught up in their game they couldn’t even see. One more rock and all the children would be… HIS TO EAT.

Just then, Rosie the lady bug whizzed through the air, and would you know! She had a stinger attached to her back! She shouted “CHILDREN, CHILDREN! Don’t go near that ugly looking rock, it’s not a rock it’s OOGLY THE WOBBLY MONSTER and he wants to gobble you all up” The children quickly ran away as fast as they could. OOGLY tried to chase after them, but the slippery mud made him trip and fall over the rocks. Slippery slide his bottoms landed on top. Rosie seeing the chance, stung him right up his tushy with all her might, making him jump in the air clenching his bottoms fiercely. “Rosie you nasty little bug, when I get my hands on you I’ll rip that stinger right off” OOGLY shouted angrily. Rosie laughed at the thought of this, knowing too well she was too fast for him. She circled and whizzed around him stinging him everywhere she could while having a hearty laugh. ZAP! ZAP! ZAP! HO! HO! HO! OOGLY didn’t have enough hands to grab all the places Rosie was stinging him. So it mostly seemed like he was doing a silly disco dance. “OO…EE…ARGH! OO…EE…AARGHH!” He whined in rhythm.

Distracted by Rosie, OOGLY didn’t notice as Stretchy the ostrich was running towards him. She was running so fast she looked like a little hovering plane, getting bigger and closer by the second. Faster, AND FASTER she ran. Till she got close enough to OOGLY and stretched her great big leg and SMACK, she hit OOGLY right in his bottoms. Again. Oh his poor tushy! WHOOSH! OOGLY went flying so FAR UP in the air, he looked like a little strawberry somersetting in the clouds. After a while he came back down WHOOOSHSH! Even faster and with a great big THUD. He crashed right into the pot he’d put behind the rocks. Bottoms first, belly second, his head, hands and legs sticking out at the top like a tortoise. “THIS IS FOR BEING A NASTY, HORRIBLE CREATURE AND FOR CRUSHING MY BALL YOU WOBBLY LITTLE MONSTER” said Stretchy with great vigor as she prepared another GREAT KICK. She was running around in circles to gain speed. Swoosh! SWOOSH! SWOOSH! She went, almost flying off the ground again. OOGLY struggled to get out of the pot but before he could move even a tiny bit -DOWN came Stretchy’s leg again and SMAAACK! Shekicked the pot so HARD it cracked underneath. And because of this, it didn’t go up, as it should have. But went straight into the river, skidding on top of it. TWIRLING a little faster every time it hit the top of the river, till POOF it vanished. Never to be seen or heard of again.

BUT. Be careful next time you go to the river, you might hear OOGLY rubbing his stings and tushy and think a funky disco song was playing in the background going “OO…EE…ARGH! OO…EE…AARGHH!” in great rhythm.

    THE END.

Written by NDOLO.

Made better by Gachuhi Muraya.

Edited by Maina. A.

Many thanks to Samba Mzera.

Inspired by Roald Dahls ‘The Enormous Crocodile’.
